Company Results & Outlook
https://in.reuters.com/finance/markets/companyOutlooksNews


Nearly 100 killed in Kabul ambulance blast
https://in.reuters.com/article/afghanistan-blast/blast-hits-afghan-capital-kabul-reuters-witnesses-idINKBN1FG08J




								Cricket: Sensational India claim consolation victory in third test against South Africa

https://in.reuters.com/article/cricket-test-zaf-ind/cricket-sensational-india-claim-consolation-victory-in-third-test-against-south-africa-idINKBN1FG080




								Pakistan police killing of a Pashtun youth fuels anger over "encounters"

https://in.reuters.com/article/pakistan-killing/pakistan-police-killing-of-a-pashtun-youth-fuels-anger-over-encounters-idINKBN1FG05K




								Tennis: Wozniacki ends long wait for first grand slam title

https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-wozniacki-halep/tennis-wozniacki-ends-long-wait-for-first-grand-slam-title-idINKBN1FG0F0




								Cricket: Stokes rakes in IPL mega bucks, Root and Gayle among unsold

https://in.reuters.com/article/cricket-india-auctions/cricket-stokes-rakes-in-ipl-mega-bucks-root-and-gayle-among-unsold-idINKBN1FG0KK


Canada hopeful NAFTA talks can continue, sees some progress
https://in.reuters.com/article/trade-nafta/canada-hopeful-nafta-talks-can-continue-sees-some-progress-idINKBN1FG0QP?il=0


Golf: Li takes slim lead over McIlroy in Dubai
https://in.reuters.com/article/golf-european/golf-li-takes-slim-lead-over-mcilroy-in-dubai-idINKBN1FG0PZ?il=0


Canada hopeful NAFTA talks can continue, sees some progress
https://in.reuters.com/article/us-trade-nafta/canada-hopeful-nafta-talks-can-continue-sees-some-progress-idINKBN1FG0QL?il=0


Cricket: Sensational India claim consolation victory in third test against South Africa
https://in.reuters.com/article/cricket-test-zaf-ind/cricket-sensational-india-claim-consolation-victory-in-third-test-against-south-africa-idINKBN1FG080?il=0


Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed released as corruption probe winds down
https://in.reuters.com/article/saudi-arrests-princealwaleed/saudi-billionaire-prince-alwaleed-released-as-corruption-probe-winds-down-idINKBN1FG0D7?il=0


China fines 12 banks over illegal bill trading, fraud
https://in.reuters.com/article/us-china-banking-fraud/china-fines-12-banks-over-illegal-bill-trading-fraud-idINKBN1FG0Q1?il=0


China fines 12 banks over illegal bill trading, fraud
https://in.reuters.com/article/china-banking-fraud/china-fines-12-banks-over-illegal-bill-trading-fraud-idINKBN1FG0PT?il=0


China's securities watchdog fines blogger over $31,000 for inaccurate information
https://in.reuters.com/article/china-economy-property-blogger/chinas-securities-watchdog-fines-blogger-over-31000-for-inaccurate-information-idINKBN1FG0PR?il=0


Friendly fire kills 11 in Iraq air strike - Iraqi security sources
https://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-iraq-security/friendly-fire-kills-11-in-iraq-air-strike-iraqi-security-sources-idINKBN1FG0PM?il=0


German industrial workers to stage 24-hour strikes
https://in.reuters.com/article/germany-wages/german-industrial-workers-to-stage-24-hour-strikes-idINKBN1FG0H5?il=0


Highlights: Australian Open day 13
https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-highlights/highlights-australian-open-day-13-idINKBN1FG0G4?il=0


Tennis: I didn't want to think about winning, says champion Wozniacki
https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-wozniacki-quotes/tennis-i-didnt-want-to-think-about-winning-says-champion-wozniacki-idINKBN1FG0PA?il=0


Nearly 100 killed in ambulance blast in Afghan capital Kabul
https://in.reuters.com/article/afghanistan-blast/nearly-100-killed-in-ambulance-blast-in-afghan-capital-kabul-idINKBN1FG08J?il=0


Incumbent Zeman wins second term in Czech presidential run-off
https://in.reuters.com/article/czech-election-president/incumbent-zeman-wins-second-term-in-czech-presidential-run-off-idINKBN1FG008?il=0


Relief for UK workers after Bombardier trade dispute victory
https://in.reuters.com/article/us-usa-itc-ruling-britain/relief-for-uk-workers-after-bombardier-trade-dispute-victory-idINKBN1FG0EW?il=0


Tillerson says Washington, Europe start work on Iran nuclear deal
https://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-syria-tillerson/tillerson-says-washington-europe-start-work-on-iran-nuclear-deal-idINKBN1FG0B2?il=0


Turkey says U.S. has promised to stop arming YPG, warns Washington on Manbij
https://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-syria-turkey/turkey-says-u-s-has-promised-to-stop-arming-ypg-warns-washington-on-manbij-idINKBN1FG0OZ?il=0


U.S. says planned Russian pipeline would threaten European energy security
https://in.reuters.com/article/us-europe-nordstream-usa/u-s-says-planned-russian-pipeline-would-threaten-european-energy-security-idINKBN1FG0CY?il=0


Prince Alwaleed's release to reassure investors in global portfolio
https://in.reuters.com/article/saudi-arrests-princealwaleed-release/prince-alwaleeds-release-to-reassure-investors-in-global-portfolio-idINKBN1FG0OJ?il=0


Tennis: Like father like son, Korda emulates dad 20 years on
https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-korda/tennis-like-father-like-son-korda-emulates-dad-20-years-on-idINKBN1FG0MB?il=0





Philippines warns of volcanic mudflows from heavy rains


https://in.reuters.com//in.reuters.com/article/us-philippines-volcano/philippines-warns-of-volcanic-mudflows-from-heavy-rains-idINKBN1FG0GS


 
		Suu Kyi remains Myanmar's best hope: Richardson
https://in.reuters.com//in.reuters.com/article/myanmar-rohingya-richardson/despite-clash-richardson-says-suu-kyi-remains-myanmars-best-hope-idINKBN1FF2M0





Hugs all round as Wozniacki completes return from wilderness


https://in.reuters.com//in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-wozniacki/tennis-hugs-all-round-as-wozniacki-completes-return-from-wilderness-idINKBN1FG0LD


 
		Wozniacki ends long wait for first grand slam title
https://in.reuters.com//in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-wozniacki-halep/tennis-wozniacki-ends-long-wait-for-first-grand-slam-title-idINKBN1FG0F0






India vs South Africa Johannesburg Test



https://in.reuters.com//in.reuters.com/news/picture/cricket-india-vs-south-africa-johannesbu-idINRTS1LBGN




								India, ASEAN leaders agree to boost maritime cooperation

https://in.reuters.com/article/india-asean/india-asean-leaders-agree-to-boost-maritime-cooperation-idINKBN1FG048




								Despite clash, Richardson says Suu Kyi remains Myanmar's best hope

https://in.reuters.com/article/myanmar-rohingya-richardson/despite-clash-richardson-says-suu-kyi-remains-myanmars-best-hope-idINKBN1FF2M0




								Philippines warns of volcanic mudflows from heavy rains

https://in.reuters.com/article/philippines-volcano/philippines-warns-of-volcanic-mudflows-from-heavy-rains-idINKBN1FG0GM




								Incumbent Zeman wins second term in Czech presidential run-off

https://in.reuters.com/article/czech-election-president/incumbent-zeman-wins-second-term-in-czech-presidential-run-off-idINKBN1FG008




								Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed released as corruption probe winds down

https://in.reuters.com/article/saudi-arrests-princealwaleed/saudi-billionaire-prince-alwaleed-released-as-corruption-probe-winds-down-idINKBN1FG0D7




								Trump warns Davos on unfair trade, says U.S. 'open for business'

https://in.reuters.com/article/davos-meeting-trump/trump-warns-davos-on-unfair-trade-says-u-s-open-for-business-idINKBN1FG0EI


Saudi billionaire Alwaleed 'released' from detention
https://in.reuters.com/video/2018/01/27/saudi-billionaire-alwaleed-released-from?videoId=389098309&videoChannel=101


Scores dead in Kabul bomb attack
https://in.reuters.com/video/2018/01/27/scores-dead-in-kabul-bomb-attack?videoId=389085535&videoChannel=101


Trump at Davos says U.S. 'open for business'
https://in.reuters.com/video/2018/01/26/trump-at-davos-says-us-open-for-business?videoId=388881146&videoChannel=101


Trump says won't turn blind eye to unfair trade
https://in.reuters.com/video/2018/01/26/trump-says-wont-turn-blind-eye-to-unfair?videoId=388871844&videoChannel=101


Trump booed after attack on "nasty" press
https://in.reuters.com/video/2018/01/26/trump-booed-after-attack-on-nasty-press?videoId=388875212&videoChannel=101


Trump warns Davos on unfair trade, says U.S. 'open for business'
https://in.reuters.com/article/davos-meeting-trump/trump-warns-davos-on-unfair-trade-says-u-s-open-for-business-idINKBN1FE0FQ


Exclusive: Detained Saudi billionaire Alwaleed confident his troubles will end soon
https://in.reuters.com/article/saudi-arrests-alwaleed/exclusive-detained-saudi-billionaire-alwaleed-confident-his-troubles-will-end-soon-idINKBN1FG012


Wynn Resorts CEO calls sexual misconduct accusations 'preposterous'; stock falls
https://in.reuters.com/article/wynn-resorts-ceo-sexual-misconduct/wynn-resorts-ceo-calls-sexual-misconduct-accusations-preposterous-stock-falls-idINKBN1FF2DV


Tennis: I didn't want to think about winning, says champion Wozniacki
https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-wozniacki-quotes/tennis-i-didnt-want-to-think-about-winning-says-champion-wozniacki-idINKBN1FG0PA


Tennis: List of Australian Open women's singles champions
https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-women-champions/tennis-list-of-australian-open-womens-singles-champions-idINKBN1FG0F4


Tennis: Hugs all round as Wozniacki completes return from wilderness
https://in.reuters.com/article/tennis-ausopen-wozniacki/tennis-hugs-all-round-as-wozniacki-completes-return-from-wilderness-idINKBN1FG0LD


Bombardment continues in Syria's Ghouta after ceasefire talk
https://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-syria-ghouta/bombardment-continues-in-syrias-ghouta-after-ceasefire-talk-idINKBN1FG08O


Tillerson says Washington, Europe start work on Iran nuclear deal
https://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-syria-tillerson/tillerson-says-washington-europe-start-work-on-iran-nuclear-deal-idINKBN1FG0B2


Turkey says U.S. has promised to stop arming YPG, warns Washington on Manbij
https://in.reuters.com/article/mideast-crisis-syria-turkey/turkey-says-u-s-has-promised-to-stop-arming-ypg-warns-washington-on-manbij-idINKBN1FG0OZ


Samsung Electronics to close one of two assembly plants in Slovakia
https://in.reuters.com/article/samsung-elec-slovakia/samsung-electronics-to-close-one-of-two-assembly-plants-in-slovakia-idINKBN1FG03C


Intel shares hit dotcom-era highs after bumper results
https://in.reuters.com/article/intel-results-research/intel-shares-hit-dotcom-era-highs-after-bumper-results-idINKBN1FF1PK


Novogratz, others invest in CNET founder's new blockchain venture
https://in.reuters.com/article/blockchain-token-investment/novogratz-others-invest-in-cnet-founders-new-blockchain-venture-idINKBN1FF2H4


Robust imports slow U.S. economic growth in fourth quarter
https://in.reuters.com/article/usa-economy/robust-imports-slow-u-s-economic-growth-in-fourth-quarter-idINKBN1FF1WZ


Global Economy - Keeping ECB rates level as all around are raising theirs
https://in.reuters.com/article/global-economy-outlook/global-economy-keeping-ecb-rates-level-as-all-around-are-raising-theirs-idINKBN1FF1TB


Wall Street Weekahead: State of the Union more likely to raise eyebrows than stocks
https://in.reuters.com/article/usa-stocks-weekahead/wall-street-weekahead-state-of-the-union-more-likely-to-raise-eyebrows-than-stocks-idINKBN1FF2BD


Pakistan rescue teams spot French woman climber, no communication with Polish man
https://in.reuters.com/article/pakistan-climbers/pakistan-rescue-teams-spot-french-woman-climber-no-communication-with-polish-man-idINKBN1FG0PC


Everest climb chronicler Elizabeth Hawley dies in Nepal
https://in.reuters.com/article/nepal-everest-hawley/everest-climb-chronicler-elizabeth-hawley-dies-in-nepal-idINKBN1FF0VB


Sri Lankan leader says $58 billion foreign debt under previous govt unaccounted for
https://in.reuters.com/article/sri-lanka-debt/sri-lankan-leader-says-58-billion-foreign-debt-under-previous-govt-unaccounted-for-idINKBN1FF27G


Cricket: India vs South Africa Johannesburg Test
https://in.reuters.com/news/picture/cricket-india-vs-south-africa-johannesbu-idINRTS1LBGN


Photos of the week
https://in.reuters.com/news/picture/photos-of-the-week-idINRTX4KV7E


Follow Us On Twitter
https://in.reuters.com//twitter.com/ReutersIndia


Follow Us On Facebook
https://in.reuters.com//www.facebook.com/india.reuters/


Follow Us On LinkedIn
https://in.reuters.com//www.linkedin.com/company/10256858/




Eikon
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface 
        


https://in.reuters.com//financial.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/tools-applications/trading-investment-tools/eikon-trading-software.html




Elektron
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management 
      


https://in.reuters.com//financial.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/infrastructure/trading-infrastructure/elektron-enterprise-data-management.html




World-Check
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks 
      


https://in.reuters.com//risk.thomsonreuters.com/products/world-check




Westlaw
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology 
      


https://in.reuters.com//legalsolutions.thomsonreuters.com/law-products/westlaw-legal-research/




ONESOURCE
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs 
      


https://in.reuters.com//tax.thomsonreuters.com/products/brands/onesource/




CHECKPOINT
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals 
      


https://in.reuters.com//tax.thomsonreuters.com/products/brands/checkpoint/


See here for a complete list
https://in.reuters.com/info/disclaimer


